When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
1. You might be working collaboratively.
2. You might be working on your project from multiple machines.
3. You might want your repository to be publicly available.
4. You may just want a copy of your work backed up in the cloud.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
Honestly, I don't know. I must have missed something...

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Forks are clones of other people's repositories made on GitHub. You would use this method to create a copy of someone else's project on GitHub that you want to work on. You can then clone it to your desktop to work on locally, and push and pull changes between your local repository and the GitHub repository as needed without ever changing any of the original developer's code.
Clones are copies of repositories made either from a remote repository to a new local one, or from a local repository to a new local one. Clones are useful when you want to create a copy of your own or someone else's work locally to work on.
Branches are separate development paths of a repository, either locally or remotely. All the branches of a repository and the commits that make up the branches exist within that repository You would use a branch to try out an experimental change to a project or to create an alternate version of the project.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
Again, I'm not really sure.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
Without git or GitHub I think I would probably use DropbBox to collaborate. However, I would have to develop a mutually agreed-upon protocal for how we would collaborate to replace the functionality of GitHub and make sure we always knew which copies of the files were the current master branch head, or the head of any alternate development branches. A log of the history of commits would have to be maintained separately for each branch. It would not require my collaboraters to be able to use the command line to manage commits, though, which might be easier for some people (as long as they understand and adhere to the established protocol).