What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
When you initialize a repository a hidden .git file is created within the directory where your files are. This allows you to begin making commits, and git will keep track of them for you.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
The staging area is a temporary intermediate state between the working directory (the current state of your files) and the repository (a complete history of the state of those same files, once you have made one or more commits). The staging area is a useful way to select specific files that you want to include in your next commit, without having to commit your whole working directory.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
You can use the staging area to only add updated files to the repository. So if you only have to fix a small issue in one file then you can stage and commit just that one change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
If you want to try out a new experimental feature without messing with the master branch, or you want to develop multiple diverging projects based on the current master branch. Branches allow you to make changes to your project while leaving the master code intact.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
Diagramming the branches and commits on the branches helps you visualize the development of your code and see which commits are reachable on each branch.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
When we merge two branches together, a new commit is made that incorporates all of the changes made between their common ancestor (where they first branched) and the heads of both branches. So all of the changes made in both branches are represented in the new branch head. On a branch diagram, the new commit is shown as the child of both former branch heads because of this.